1.	The 'uptime' command shows the system has been running for 14 days and 5 hours since last reboot. It also shows 0 users currently 	logged in as well as system load averages.

2.	The 'ps u' command lists all processes running under user account. Each process shows memory usage, CPU usage, and start time.

3.	The 'ps aux --sort=-%cpu' command was employed. The 'ps aux' shows all running processes with details like user, CPU, memory and 	so on. The '--sort=-%cpu' sorts the output by CPU usage in descending order placing the highest CPU usage at the top of the list.

4.	The command being executed in the background was 'sleep 60 &' which runs a 60-second sleep with ampersand(&) sign putting it in 	the background. The 'jobs' command was used to confirm it was running in the background.

5.	The first command 'ps -o pid,ni,comm -p $$' shows the PID(ID), NI(niceness), and name of your bash(current shell). Niceness is a 	priority number from -20(high priority) to 19(low priority) with default at 0. The second command 'nice -n 5 sleep 30 &' starts a 	sleep command for 30-seconds in the background with niceness of 5(low priority). Then 'ps -o pid,ni,comm -p $!' shows that same 	sleep process’s PID, niceness, and name to confirm it’s running with nice value 5.

6.	The 'free' command with option '-h' displays memory usage information in human readable format.

7.	The 'df' command with option '-h' followed by '~' to indicate home directory shows diskspace.	

8.	The '$SHELL' environment variable proceeding the 'echo' command displays the bash shell currently in use to the screen which is 	vital because shells have distinct commands and features.

9.	The empty file 'system_report.txt' was created using the 'touch' command. The 'uname -a' displays all system information such as 	kernel name, host name and so on. This output was redirected to the 'system_report.txt' file using '>'. The success of the 	commands were verified using the 'cat' command to display file's contents.

10.	ncdu(NCurses Disk Usage) is an interactive tool that visually shows disk usage. However, ncdu was not installed in the sandbox 	environment so, the 'du' command was used to simulate what  the  'ncdu' command does. The 'du -sh ~/*' shows the disk usage of 	every file and folder in home directory. The 'sort -hr' sorts the sizes from largest to smallest while the 'head -5' command shows 	only top 5 largest items.